[data/docs] Add more education around transformations (#59415)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/data/key-concepts.rst

The building blocks of these plans are operators:

* Logical plans consist of *logical operators* that describe *what* operation to perform. For example, when you write ``dataset = ray.data.read_parquet(...)``, a ``ReadOp`` logical operator is created to specify what data to read.

> * Physical plans consist of *physical operators* that describe *how* to execute the operation. For example, the ``ReadOp`` logical operator is converted into a ``TaskPoolMapOperator`` physical operator that launches Ray tasks to actually read the data.

Reviewer: Optionally, active tense:
```suggestion
* Logical plans consist of *logical operators* that describe *what* operation to perform. For example, when you write ``dataset = ray.data.read_parquet(...)``, Ray Data creates a ``ReadOp`` logical operator that specifies what data to read.
* Physical plans consist of *physical operators* that describe *how* to execute the operation. For example, Ray Data converts the``ReadOp`` logical operator into a ``TaskPoolMapOperator`` physical operator that launches Ray tasks to actually read the data.
```

Author: fixed

Streaming execution model
-------------------------

Ray Data can leverage a *streaming execution model* to efficiently process large datasets.

This means that different operators in an execution can be scaled independently while running concurrently, allowing for more flexible and fine-grained resource allocation. For example, if two map operators require different amounts or types of resources, the streaming execution model can allow them to run concurrently and independently while still maintaining high performance.

Note that this is primarily useful for non-shuffle operations. Shuffle operations like :meth:`ds.sort() <ray.data.Dataset.sort>` and :meth:`ds.groupby() <ray.data.Dataset.groupby>` require materializing data, which stops streaming until the shuffle is complete.

Here is an example of how the streaming execution works in Ray Data.

.. code-block:: python

    import ray

    # Create a dataset with 1K rows
    ds = ray.data.read_parquet(...)

    # Define a pipeline of operations
    ds = ds.map(CPU_Function, num_cpus=2)
    ds = ds.map(GPU_Class, num_gpus=1)

>     ds = ds.map(CPU_Function2, num_cpus=4)

Author: fixed
